---
layout: page
title: Terms & Conditions
permalink: /terms
---

Terms & Conditions
The terms and conditions stated herein (collectively, this "Agreement") constitute a legal agreement between you and Hux, Inc (doing business as Hux), a Delaware C-Corp (the "Company"). By using or receiving any services supplied to you by the Company (together with the website located at https://hux.com, the "Service"), and downloading, installing or using any associated software supplied by the Company which purpose is to enable you to use the Service (collectively, the "Software"), you hereby expressly acknowledge and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and any future amendments and additions to this Agreement as published, from time to time, at https://hux.com/terms or through the Service.

The Company reserves the right to modify the terms and conditions of this Agreement or its policies relating to the Service or Software at any time, effective immediately upon posting of an updated version of this Agreement on the Service or Software. You are responsible for regularly reviewing this Agreement. Continued use of the Service or Software after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes. If you require any more information or have any questions about our Terms and Conditions, please contact us by email at support@Hux.com
THE COMPANY DOES NOT PROVIDE SERVICES, AND THE COMPANY IS NOT A SERVICE PROVIDER. IT IS UP TO THE THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDER TO OFFER SERVICES WHICH MAY BE SCHEDULED THROUGH USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR SERVICE. THE COMPANY OFFERS INFORMATION AND A METHOD TO OBTAIN SUCH THIRD PARTY SERVICES, BUT DOES NOT, AND DOES NOT INTEND TO, PROVIDE SERVICES OR ACT IN ANY WAY AS A SERVICE PROVIDER, AND HAS NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY SERVICES PROVIDED TO YOU BY SUCH THIRD PARTIES.

Hux is Only a Venue
The Service is a communications platform for enabling the connection between individuals seeking to obtain services and/or individuals seeking to provide services. The Company checks the backgrounds of service providers via third party background check services; however, the Company does not guarantee or warrant, and makes no representations regarding, the reliability, quality or suitability of such service providers. When interacting with service providers you should exercise caution and common sense to protect your personal safety and property, just as you would when interacting with other persons whom you don't know. By using the Service, you agree to hold the Company free from the responsibility for any liability or damage that might arise out of the transaction involved.
NEITHER THE COMPANY NOR ITS AFFILIATES OR LICENSORS IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONDUCT, WHETHER ONLINE OR OFFLINE, OF ANY USER OF THE SERVICE. THE COMPANY AND ITS AFFILIATES AND LICENSORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, INJURY OR DAMAGE ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE.
Representations and Warranties
By using the Software or Service, you expressly represent and warrant that you are legally entitled to enter this Agreement. If you reside in a jurisdiction which restricts the use of the Service because of age, or restricts the ability to enter into agreements such as this one due to age, you must abide by such age limits and you must not use the Software and Service. Without limiting the foregoing, the Service and Software is not available to children (persons under the age of 18) or others who are not capable of entering into binding contracts. By using the Software or Service, you represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years old and otherwise capable of entering into binding contracts. By using the Software or the Service, you represent and warrant that you have the right, authority and capacity to enter into this Agreement and to abide by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Your participation in using the Service and/or Software is for your sole, personal use. You may not authorize others to use your user status, and you may not assign or otherwise transfer your user account to any other person or entity. When using the Software or Service you agree to comply with all applicable laws from the country, state and city in which you are present while using the Software or Service.
You may only access the Service using authorized means. It is your responsibility to check to ensure you download the correct Software for your device. The Company is not liable if you do not have a compatible handset or if you have downloaded the wrong version of the Software for your handset.
By using the Software or the Service, you agree that:
· You will only use the Service or Software for lawful purposes; you will not use the Service for sending or storing any unlawful material or for fraudulent purposes; · You will not use the Service or Software to cause nuisance, annoyance or inconvenience; · You will not impair the proper operation of the network; · You will not try to harm the Service or Software in any way whatsoever; · You will not copy, or distribute the Software or other content without written permission from the Company; · You will only use the Software and Service for your own use and will not resell it to a third party; · You will keep secure and confidential your account password or any identification provided to you which allows access to the Service; · You will provide us with whatever proof of identity the Company may reasonably request; · You will only use an access point or data account which you are authorized to use; and · When requesting cleaning services by SMS, you opt-in to receive text messages from the Company, and acknowledge that standard messaging charges from your mobile network service provider may apply, and you represent and warrant that the number provided is your own cell phone number.
License Grant & Restrictions
The Company hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, right to use the Software and Service, solely for your own personal, non-commercial purposes, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. All rights not expressly granted to you are reserved by the Company and its licensors.
You shall not: (i) license, sublicense, sell, resell, transfer, assign, distribute or otherwise commercially exploit or make available to any third party the Service or the Software in any way; (ii) modify or make derivative works based upon the Service or the Software; (iii) create Internet "links" to the Service or "frame" or "mirror" any Software on any other server or wireless or Internet-based device; (iv) reverse engineer the Software; (v) access the Software in order to (a) build a competitive product or service, (b) build a product using similar ideas, features, functions or graphics of the Service or Software, or (c) copy any ideas, features, functions or graphics of the Service or Software, or (vi) launch an automated program or script, including, but not limited to, web spiders, web crawlers, web robots, web ants, web indexers, bots, viruses or worms, or any program which may make multiple server requests per second, or unduly burdens or hinders the operation and/or performance of the Service or Software.
You may use the Software and Service only for your personal, non-commercial purposes and shall not: (i) send spam or otherwise duplicative or unsolicited messages in violation of applicable laws; (ii) send or store infringing, obscene, threatening, libelous, or otherwise unlawful or tortious material, including material harmful to children or violative of third party privacy rights; (iii) send or store material containing software viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other harmful computer code, files, scripts, agents or programs; (iv) interfere with or disrupt the integrity or performance of the Software or Service or the data contained therein; or (v) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Software or Service or its related systems or networks.
Payment Terms
Any fees which the Company may charge you for the Software or Service are due immediately upon completion of your cleaning and are non-refundable. This no refund policy shall apply at all times regardless of your decision to terminate your usage, the Company's decision to terminate your usage, disruption caused to our Software or Service either planned, accidental or intentional, or any reason whatsoever. The Company reserves the right to determine final prevailing pricing (Note: the pricing information published on the website may not reflect the prevailing pricing).
The Company, in its sole discretion, may make promotional offers with different features and different rates to any of our customers. These promotional offers, unless made to you, shall have no bearing whatsoever on your offer or contract. The Company may change the fees for our Service as we deem necessary for our business. We encourage you to check back at our website periodically if you are interested about how we charge for the Service.
Intellectual Property Ownership
The Company alone (and its licensors, where applicable) shall own all right, title and interest, including all related intellectual property rights, in and to the Software and the Service. To the extent you provide any suggestions, ideas, enhancement requests, feedback, recommendations or other information regarding the Service or Software, you hereby assign to the Company all right, title and interest thereto. This Agreement is not a sale and does not convey to you any rights of ownership in or related to the Software or the Service, or any intellectual property rights owned by the Company. The Company name, the Company logo, and the product names associated with the Software and Service are trademarks of the Company or third parties, and no right or license is granted to use them.
Privacy; DMCA
Please visit https://hux.com/terms to understand how the Company collects and uses personal information. The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law. If you believe in good faith that any content made available in connection with the Service or Software infringes your copyright, you (or your agent) may send the Company a notice requesting that the content be removed, or access to it blocked. Notices and counter-notices must meet the then-current statutory requirements imposed by the DMCA (see http://www.loc.gov/copyright for details). Notices and counter notices with respect to the Service or Software should be sent to the Company at:
By Mail:
Copyright Agent, HUX
1447 Peachtree St NE #880
Atlanta, GA 30309

By Email:
support@Hux.com
Third Party Interactions
During use of the Software and Service, you may enter into correspondence with, purchase goods and/or services from, or participate in promotions of third party service providers, advertisers or sponsors showing their goods and/or services through the Software or Service. Any such activity, and any terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such activity, is solely between you and the applicable third-party. The Company and its licensors shall have no liability, obligation or responsibility for any such correspondence, purchase, transaction or promotion between you and any such third-party. The Company does not endorse any sites on the Internet that are linked through the Service or Software, and in no event shall the Company or its licensors be responsible for any content, products, services or other materials on or available from such sites or third party providers. The Company provides the Software and Service to you pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. You recognize, however, that certain third-party providers of goods and/or services may require your agreement to additional or different terms and conditions prior to your use of or access to such goods or services, and the Company disclaims any and all responsibility or liability arising from such agreements between you and the third party providers.
The Company may rely on third party advertising and marketing supplied through the Software or Service and other mechanisms to subsidize the Software or Service. By agreeing to these terms and conditions you agree to receive such advertising and marketing. If you do not want to receive such advertising you should notify us in writing. The Company may compile and release information regarding you and your use of the Software or Service on an anonymous basis as part of a customer profile or similar report or analysis. You agree that it is your responsibility to take reasonable precautions in all actions and interactions with any third party you interact with through the Service.
Indemnification
By entering into this Agreement and using the Software or Service, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold the Company, its licensors and each such party's parent organizations, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, members, employees, attorneys and agents harmless from and against any and all claims, costs, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including attorneys' fees and costs) arising out of or in connection with: (a) your violation or breach of any term of this Agreement or any applicable law or regulation, whether or not referenced herein; (b) your violation of any rights of any third party, including providers of cleaning services arranged via the Service or Software, or (c) your use or misuse of the Software or Service.
Termination
The Company reserves the right to (i) modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) and (ii) refuse any and all current and future use of the Service, suspend or terminate your account (any part thereof) or use of the Service, for any reason, including if the Company believes that you have violated this Agreement. The Company shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuation of the Service. The Company will use good faith efforts to contact you to warn you prior to suspension or termination of your account by the Company. The Company reserves the right to require communication with the cardholder to confirm a requested cancellation.
Disclaimer of Warranties
THE COMPANY MAKES NO REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, OR GUARANTY AS TO THE RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, QUALITY, SUITABILITY, AVAILABILITY, ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE SERVICE OR SOFTWARE. THE COMPANY DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT (A) THE USE OF THE SERVICE OR SOFTWARE WILL BE SECURE, TIMELY, UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE OR OPERATE IN COMBINATION WITH ANY OTHER HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, SYSTEM OR DATA, (B) THE SERVICE OR SOFTWARE (INCLUDING ANY CLEANING SERVICES) WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR EXPECTATIONS, (C) ANY STORED DATA WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, (D) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE (INCLUDING ANY CLEANING SERVICES) WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR EXPECTATIONS, (E) ERRORS OR DEFECTS IN THE SERVICE OR SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED, OR (F) THE SERVICE OR THE SERVER(S) THAT MAKE THE SERVICE AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. THE SERVICE AND SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED TO YOU STRICTLY ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. ALL CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW BY THE COMPANY. THE COMPANY MAKES NO REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, OR GUARANTY AS TO THE RELIABILITY, SAFETY, TIMELINESS, QUALITY, SUITABILITY OR AVAILABILITY OF ANY SERVICES, PRODUCTS OR GOODS OBTAINED BY THIRD PARTIES THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE OR SOFTWARE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE AND SERVICE, AND ANY THIRD PARTY SERVICES OR PRODUCTS, REMAINS SOLELY WITH YOU, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
Network Delays
THE COMPANY'S SERVICE AND SOFTWARE MAY BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS, DELAYS, AND OTHER PROBLEMS INHERENT IN THE USE OF THE INTERNET, TELECOMMUNICATIONS NETWORKS AND ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS. THE COMPANY IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DELAYS, DELIVERY FAILURES, OR OTHER DAMAGE RESULTING FROM SUCH PROBLEMS.
Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COMPANY'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY EXCEED THE AMOUNTS ACTUALLY PAID BY AND/OR DUE FROM YOU IN THE THREE (3) MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO SUCH CLAIM. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COMPANY AND/OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO ANYONE FOR ANY INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER DAMAGES OF ANY TYPE OR KIND (INCLUDING PERSONAL INJURY, LOSS OF DATA, REVENUE, PROFITS, USE OR OTHER ECONOMIC ADVANTAGE). THE COMPANY AND/OR ITS LICENSORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, DAMAGE OR INJURY WHICH MAY BE INCURRED BY YOU, INCLUDING BY NOT LIMITED TO LOSS, DAMAGE OR INJURY ARISING OUT OF, OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE SERVICE OR SOFTWARE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE OR SOFTWARE, ANY RELIANCE PLACED BY YOU ON THE COMPLETENESS, ACCURACY OR EXISTENCE OF ANY ADVERTISING, OR AS A RESULT OF ANY RELATIONSHIP OR TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND ANY THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDER, ADVERTISER OR SPONSOR WHOSE ADVERTISING APPEARS ON THE WEBSITE OR IS REFERRED BY THE SERVICE OR SOFTWARE, EVEN IF THE COMPANY AND/OR ITS LICENSORS HAVE BEEN PREVIOUSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
THE COMPANY MAY INTRODUCE YOU TO THIRD PARTY CLEANING SERVICE PROVIDERS FOR THE PURPOSES OF PROVIDING CLEANING SERVICES. WE WILL NOT ASSESS THE SUITABILITY, LEGALITY OR ABILITY OF ANY THIRD PARTY CLEANING SERVICE PROVIDERS AND YOU EXPRESSLY WAIVE AND RELEASE THE COMPANY FROM ANY AND ALL ANY LIABILITY, CLAIMS OR DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE THIRD PARTY CLEANING SERVICE PROVIDER. THE COMPANY WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO DISPUTES, NEGOTIATIONS OF DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND SUCH THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS. RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE DECISIONS YOU MAKE REGARDING SERVICES OFFERED VIA THE SOFTWARE OR SERVICE (WITH ALL ITS IMPLICATIONS) RESTS SOLELY WITH YOU. WE WILL NOT ASSESS THE SUITABILITY, LEGALITY OR ABILITY OF ANY SUCH THIRD PARTIES AND YOU EXPRESSLY WAIVE AND RELEASE THE COMPANY FROM ANY AND ALL LIABILITY, CLAIMS, CAUSES OF ACTION, OR DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR SERVICE, OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE THIRD PARTIES INTRODUCED TO YOU BY THE SOFTWARE OR SERVICE.
THE QUALITY OF THE CLEANING SERVICES SCHEDULED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE OR SOFTWARE IS ENTIRELY THE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE THIRD PARTY PROVIDER WHO ULTIMATELY PROVIDES SUCH CLEANING SERVICES TO YOU. YOU UNDERSTAND, THEREFORE, THAT BY USING THE SOFTWARE AND THE SERVICE, YOU MAY BE EXPOSED TO CLEANING SERVICES THAT ARE POTENTIALLY DANGEROUS, OFFENSIVE, HARMFUL TO MINORS, UNSAFE OR OTHERWISE OBJECTIONABLE, AND THAT YOU USE THE SOFTWARE AND THE SERVICE, AND SUCH THIRD PARTY CLEANING SERVICES, AT YOUR OWN RISK.
NOTHING ON THIS WEBSITE CONSTITUTES, OR IS MEANT TO CONSTITUTE, ADVICE OF ANY KIND. IF YOU REQUIRE ADVICE IN RELATION TO ANY LEGAL, FINANCIAL OR MEDICAL MATTER YOU SHOULD CONSULT AN APPROPRIATE PROFESSIONAL.
BY USING THE SERVICE OR SOFTWARE, YOU AGREE THAT THE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET OUT IN THIS AGREEMENT ARE REASONABLE. IF YOU DO NOT THINK THEY ARE REASONABLE, YOU MUST NOT USE THE SERVICE OR SOFTWARE.
Notices
The Company may give notice to you by means of a general notice on the Service, electronic mail to your email address on record in the Company's account information, or by written communication sent by first class mail or pre-paid post to your address on record in the Company's account information. Such notice shall be deemed to have been given upon the expiration of forty eight (48) hours after mailing or posting (if sent by first class mail or pre-paid post) or twelve (12) hours after sending (if sent by email). You may give notice to the Company (such notice shall be deemed given when received by the Company) at any time by any of the following: letter delivered by nationally recognized overnight delivery service or first class postage prepaid mail to the Company at the following addresses (whichever is appropriate): Hux, 1447 Peachtree St NE #880,Atlanta GA 30309, addressed to the attention of: Chief Executive Officer.
Controlling Law and Jurisdiction
This Agreement will be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Georgia and the United States of America, without regard to its conflict-of-law provisions. You and the Company agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of a state court located in Atlanta, Georgia or a United States District Court, Northern District of Georgia located in Atlanta, Georgia, for any actions for which the parties retain the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief in a court of competent jurisdiction to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of a party's copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, or other intellectual property rights, as set forth in the Dispute Resolution provision below.
Dispute Resolution
INFORMAL NEGOTIATIONS. To expedite resolution and reduce the cost of any dispute, controversy or claim related to this Agreement ("Dispute"), you and the Company agree to first attempt to negotiate any Dispute (except those Disputes expressly excluded below) informally for at least thirty (30) days before initiating any arbitration or court proceeding. Such informal negotiations will commence upon written notice, as set forth above. Any damages or disputes must be submitted by email to Hux customer service within 48 hours of the service time.
BINDING ARBITRATION. If you and the Company are unable to resolve a Dispute through informal negotiations, all claims arising from use of the Service or Software (except those Disputes expressly excluded below) will be finally and exclusively resolved by binding arbitration. Any election to arbitrate by one party will be final and binding on the other. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT IF EITHER PARTY ELECTS TO ARBITRATE, NEITHER PARTY WILL HAVE THE RIGHT TO SUE IN COURT OR HAVE A JURY TRIAL. The arbitration will be commenced and conducted under the Commercial Arbitration Rules (the "AAA Rules") of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") and, where appropriate, the AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes ("AAA Consumer Rules"), both of which are available at the AAA website www.adr.org. Your arbitration fees and your share of arbitrator compensation will be governed by the AAA Rules (and, where appropriate, limited by the AAA Consumer Rules). If your claim for damages does not exceed $10,000, the Company will pay all such fees unless the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought in your Demand for Arbitration was frivolous or was brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)). The arbitration may be conducted in person, through the submission of documents, by phone or online. The arbitrator will make a decision in writing, but need not provide a statement of reasons unless requested by a party. The arbitrator must follow applicable law, and any award may be challenged if the arbitrator fails to do so. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, you and the Company may litigate in court to compel arbitration, stay proceeding pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator.
EXCEPTIONS TO ALTERNATIVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION. Each party retains the right to bring an individual action in small claims court or to seek injunctive or other equitable relief on an individual basis in a federal or state court in Fulton County, Georgia, with respect to any dispute related to the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of a party's intellectual property or proprietary rights.
WAIVER OF RIGHT TO BE A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN A PURPORTED CLASS ACTION OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. You and the Company agree that any arbitration will be limited to the Dispute between the Company and you individually. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU AND THE COMPANY ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS ACTION OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. Further, unless both you and the Company otherwise agree, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person's claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of any class or representative proceeding. If this specific paragraph is held unenforceable, then the entirety of this "Dispute Resolution" Section will be deemed null and void.
LOCATION OF ARBITRATION. Arbitration will take place in Fulton County, Georgia. You and the Company agree that for any Dispute not subject to arbitration (other than claims proceeding in any small claims court), or where no election to arbitrate has been made, the Georgia state and Federal courts located in Atlanta, Georgia have exclusive jurisdiction and you and the Company agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts.
Savings
You and the Company agree that, other than as set forth under the subsection entitled "Waiver Of Right To Be A Plaintiff Or Class Member In A Purported Class Action Or Representative Proceeding" above, if any portion of the section entitled "Dispute Resolution" is found illegal or unenforceable, that portion will be severed and the remainder of the section will be given full force and effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the subsection entitled "Exceptions to Alternative Dispute Resolution" above is found to be illegal or unenforceable, neither you nor the Company will elect to arbitrate any Dispute falling within that portion of that subsection that is found to be illegal or unenforceable and such Dispute will be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction within Atlanta, Georgia, and you and the Company agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court.
Force Majeure
The Company's performance under this Agreement shall be excused in the event of interruption and/or delay due to any act of God, act of governmental authority, act of the public enemy or due to war or terrorism, the outbreak or escalation of hostilities, riot, fire, flood, civil commotion, insurrection, labor difficulty (including, without limitation, any strike, or other work stoppage or slow down), severe or adverse weather conditions, communications line failure, or other similar cause beyond the reasonable control of the Company.
Assignment
This Agreement may not be assigned by you without the prior written approval of the Company, but may be assigned without your consent by the Company to (i) a parent or subsidiary, (ii) an acquirer of assets, or (iii) any other successor or acquirer. Any purported assignment in violation of this section shall be void.
General
No joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you, the Company or any third party provider as a result of this Agreement or use of the Service or Software. If any provision of the Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be struck and the remaining provisions shall be enforced to the fullest extent under law. The failure of the Company to enforce any right or provision in this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by the Company in writing. This Agreement comprises the entire agreement between you and the Company and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous negotiations, discussions or agreements, whether written or oral, between you and the Company regarding the subject matter contained herein.
Other Parties
You accept that, as a limited liability company, the Company has an interest in limiting the personal liability of its officers and employees. You agree that you will not bring any claim personally against the Company's officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the Service or Software. Without prejudice to the foregoing, you agree that the limitations of warranties and liability set out in this Agreement will protect the Company's officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, successors, assigns and sub-contractors as well as the Company.
Breaches of These Terms and Conditions
Without prejudice to the Company's other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, the Company may take such action as the Company deems appropriate to deal with the breach, including suspending your access to the Service or Software, prohibiting you from accessing the Service or Software, blocking computers using your IP address from accessing the Service or Software, contacting your internet service provider to request that they block your access to the Service or Software and/or bringing court proceedings against you.
Privacy Policy
Last updated: March 8th, 2016
Welcome to the web site (the "Site") of Hux, Inc. (doing business as Hux). This Site is operated by Hux and has been created to provide information about our company and Hux house cleaning services, whether accessible to you via web, mobile app or other platform (our services, together with the Site, are the "Services") by visitors and users of the Services ("you" and/or "your").
This Privacy Policy sets out Hux's policy with respect to information, including in particular information which identifies you personally (known as 'personally identifiable information' which we'll call "Personal Data") and other information that is collected from visitors and users of the Services.
Please read this privacy policy carefully so that you understand how we will treat your information. By using any of our Services, you confirm that you have read, understood and agree to this privacy policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use any of the Services. If you have any queries, please email us at support@hux.com
Cookies and Web Beacons
Last updated: March 8th, 2016
We occasionally use third-party applications that require use of cookies, tracking pixels and related technologies. Cookies are small data files that are served by our platform and stored on your device. Our site uses cookies dropped by us or third parties for a variety of purposes including to operate and personalize the website. Also, cookies may also be used to track how you use the site to target ads to you on other websites. We may include small graphic images or other web programming code, called web beacons (also known as "pixel tags", "web bugs" or "clear GIFs"), in our web and mobile pages and messages. The web beacons are minute graphics with a unique identifier. They are used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored in a user's computer hard drive, web beacons are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. Web beacons help us better manage content on the Hux Platform by informing us what content is effective, monitoring how users navigate the Hux Platform, counting users of the Hux Platform, and counting how many e-mails sent by us were actually opened.
Who we are
We are Hux, Inc (doing business as Hux), a Delaware C-Corp with our head office at 1447 Peachtree St NE #880, 30309 Atlanta, Georgia, United States.
We will refer to these companies together as "Hux", "we", "us" and/or "our".
Our legal status under applicable data privacy laws
Information We Collect
When you interact with us through the Services, we may collect Personal Data and other information from you, as further described below:
Personal Data That You Provide Through the Services: We collect Personal Data from you when you voluntarily provide such information, such as when you contact us with inquiries, respond to one of our surveys, register for access to the Services or use certain Services, which typically includes your: (i) name; (ii) telephone number; (iii) email address; (iv) home address; (v) information about your home which you give us; (v) your payment details; (iv) your IP address; and (vi) any other personal information which you give us in connection with the Services.
Wherever Hux collects Personal Data we make an effort to provide a link to this Privacy Policy.
By voluntarily providing us with Personal Data, you are consenting to our use of it in connection with the Services and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Non-Identifiable Data: When you interact with Hux through the Services, we receive and store certain information which does not identify you personally (referred to as personally non-identifiable information in the USA). Such information is collected passively using various technologies. This includes: 
Technical or other details about any device which you use to access the Services, including: Internet and/or network connection; your Media Access Control (MAC); any device Unique Device Identifier (UDID) or equivalent; your operating system, browser type or other software; your hardware or mobile device details (including your mobile device type and number and mobile carrier details), if applicable; or other technical details. This is technical data about our users and their actions and patterns, which we do not believe identifies any individual; 
Details of your use of our Services including, but not limited to: metrics information about when and how you use the Services; traffic data; and your geographical location data.
Hux may store such information itself or such information may be included in included in databases owned and maintained by Hux's affiliates, agents or service providers. The Services may use such information and pool it with other information on an anonymized and generalized basis to track, for example, the total number of users of our Services, the number of visitors to each page of our Site and the domain names of our visitors' Internet service providers. It is important to note that no Personal Data is available or used in this process.
Our Use of Your Personal Data and Other Information
By providing us with the information about you discussed above, you consent for us and our subsidiaries and affiliates (Hux Related Companies to use that information in the following ways:
(1) to implement and monitor any Hux bookings which you make using our Services; (2) to share your Personal Data with Hux professionals in order to carry out your Hux bookings using our Services; (3) to ensure that content from our Services is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer or other device from which you access the Services; (4) to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you; (5) to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts between you and us; (6) to allow you to participate in interactive features of our Services, when you choose to do so; (7) to notify you about changes to our Services; (8) to improve or modify the Services, for example based on how you use our Services; (9) to calculate conversion rates and other elements of Services' performance; and (10) for marketing purposes (which we discuss further below).
Our Disclosure of Your Personal Data and Other Information
Hux is not in the business of selling your information. We consider this information to be a vital part of our relationship with you. There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may share your Personal Data with certain third parties, as set out below:
Services: We will share your Personal Data with service providers as necessary for them to provide their cleaning services to you.
Business Transfers: As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personal Data may be part of the transferred assets.
Agents, Consultants and Related Third Parties: Hux, like many businesses, sometimes hires other companies to perform certain business-related functions. Examples of such functions include mailing information, maintaining databases and processing payments. When we employ another company to perform a function of this nature, we only provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function and under the same standards and protections as in this privacy policy.
Legal Requirements: Hux may disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of Hux, (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Services or the public, or (iv) protect against legal liability.
Aggregated Personal Data: In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of the Services, Hux conducts research on its user demographics, interests and behavior based on the Personal Data and other information provided to us. This research will be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, and Hux may share this aggregate data with its affiliates, agents and business partners. This aggregate information does not identify you personally. Hux may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our Services to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes in fulfillment of this privacy policy.
Marketing and advertising: Hux and its affiliates may use Personal Data to contact you in the future to tell you about services we believe will be of interest to you. If we do so, each communication we send you will contain instructions permitting you to "opt-out" of receiving future communications. In addition, if at any time you wish not to receive any future communications or you wish to have your name deleted from our mailing lists, please contact us as indicated below.
Your Choices
You can visit the Services without providing any Personal Data. If you choose not to provide any Personal Data, you may not be able to use certain Hux Services.
Where and how we store your personal information:
The information that we collect from you will be held in servers in the USA. By submitting your personal information, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Unsolicited information and public forums
Please be aware that we do not accept unsolicited Personal Data unconnected with the Services and we will delete it as soon as we become aware you have sent us any such Personal Data (unless we are required to keep that Personal Data under this Privacy Policy).
You are responsible for any public publishing of information including Personal Data (for example on a discussion forum). Please remember that this may mean third parties gaining access to that information, for which you will be responsible.
Children
Hux does not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any Personal Data through the Services. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Data on the Services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to Hux through the Services, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
Links to Other Web Sites
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services. The Services may contain links to other web sites not operated or controlled by Hux (the "Third Party Sites"). The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Sites. The links from the Services do not imply that Hux endorses or has reviewed the Third Party Sites.
Security
Hux takes reasonable steps to protect the Personal Data provided via the Services from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free; any transmission is at your own risk. In particular, e-mail sent to or from the Services may not be secure. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Data to Hux via the Internet. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
Registered Hux users will have an account name and password, which enables you to access certain parts of our Services. You are responsible for keeping them confidential. Please don't share them with anyone.
Other Terms and Conditions
Your access to and use of the Services is also subject to the Terms of Use.
Changes to Hux's Privacy Policy
The Services and our business may change from time to time. As a result, at times it may be necessary for Hux to make changes to this Privacy Policy. Therefore, we may update this privacy policy from time to time (for example, to reflect changes in our business or the law). Any changes we may make will be posted on this page and we will highlight to you any material changes which we make. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of the Services after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the revised terms.
Access to Information; Contacting Hux
To keep your Personal Data accurate, current, and complete, please contact us as specified below. We will take reasonable steps to update or correct Personal Data in our possession that you have previously submitted via the Services.
Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about Hux' Privacy Policy or the information practices of the Services.
You may contact us as follows: support@hux.com